previously with this same visit to
heal I basically is the same the same
creator what happens is that the girl
it comes true what happens is that it has
done in plan in a how to say it in a
spacetime shorter because the other
face was in the fifth heck was
there in the cloud and this one can be here to
the height of the buildings where from
the pp guys but because you can see me
macho looks like he has a ramp with his uncle
in front of my mouth when they pass this
when it happens that you have to be positive
in life and think that that fall is going
to reflect on our future
and so we will have experience for a
future and for future falls and thus
we are not going to fall for futures in future
occasions in which finally if I
I am very penultimate male the boy goes
quiet after director is it
solve in 0.26 the people that you have
well in a matter of 30 seconds all
they are putting everything behind me
how are you going to do that
Please do not fall because if you fall
here is worth worth of control mothers by
please go go beyond the rich
you know of those that says my mother
for subscribers they should call
to crusher subscribers
but we advance it would be pretty good
that some
let's go for a lad madrid lad
Madrid
I got two treaties here as
second eye that the first one that sir is
manuel with 12 m is poorly written I do not think
that the manuel of the name of manuel
I think it takes 2 pm I do not know God does not give
same in that that gentlemen manuel the
children I told them that when passing testa
second I was ahead of everyone
they and you have seen what happens is
what gentlemen Manuel is a portent of the
careers but quiet that is
it will also fall or saved calm
you calm that uncle also
he's going to catch his
Now we are going to help you fellow cane
of cañitas
obviously here
Manuel
but good but how did you get there so fast
you have to squeeze your ass guys there are you
squeeze the ass but as we never have
fact
just up there
what is happening to us according to sampedro
who if review us those those
voters that we can all
it happens to me to try that everything seems
I think the time to spend this super
slow
fell therefore but now it seems more
take life is not worth that is not the
moment that while he sent the one
it seems we catch
it really happens to me in the video uncle
takes out again command of the perfect
perfect madrid effect to you or me
sunny language for calm quiet
quiet
but what happens to me
I'm going to pass this is the good
news is that I'm going fourth is that I'm going
there goes there nobody goes
one more land earns from an uncle is called
Alejandro male is that I can not
to really believe is that my luck nobody
it's moving away from being in front of holes
moving away from the fabric by your father look through
God is not nobody going to happen
I will not win in my face no no no no
I'm not winning right now and win
just now me when I look
when I'm entering the goal
my mother my mother all because of
video boy all because of video
male
damn I stop seeing another disc of
damn of or mate
life is like
here